2013  
                         Section I   Use  of English
Directions:
    Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A,
B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET . (10 points)
    Given the advantages of electronic money,you might think that we would move quickly to
the cashless society in which all payments are made electronically. 1 , a true cashless society is
probably not around the corner. Indeed, predictions have been 2 for two decades but have not
yet come to fruition. For example, Business Week predicted in 1975 that electronic means of
payment would soon"revolutionize the very 3 of money itself," only to 4 itself several
years later. Why has the movement to a cashless society been so 5 in coming?
     Although electronic means of payment may be more efficient than a payments system based
on paper, several factors work 6 the disappearance of the paper system. First, it is very 7 to
set up the computer, card reader, and telecommunications networks necessary to make electronic
money the 8  form of payment.Second, paper checks have the advantage that they 9 receipts,
something that many consumers are unwilling to 10 . Third, the use of paper checks gives
consumers several days of "float"— it takes several days 11 a check is cashed and funds are
12  from the issuer's account, which means that the writer of the check can earn interest on the
funds in the meantime. 13 electronic payments are immediate, they eliminate the float for the
consumer.
    Fourth, electronic means of payment may 14 security and privacy concerns. We often
hear media reports that an unauthorized hacker has been able to access a computer database and to
alter information 15 there. The fact that this is not an 16 occurrence means that dishonest
persons might be able to access bank accounts in electronic payments systems and 17 from
someone else's accounts.The 18 of this type of fraud is no easy task, and a new field of
computer science is developing to 19 security issues. A further concern is that the use of
electronic means of payment leaves an electronic 20 that contains a large amount of personal
data. There are concerns that government, employers, and marketers might be able to access these
data, thereby violating our privacy.
  1.   A. However        B. Moreover      C. Therefore      D. Otherwise
  2.   A. off            B. back          C. over           D. around
  3.   A. power          B. concept       C. history        D. role
  4.   A. reward         B. resist        C. resume         D. reverse
  5.   A. silent         B. sudden        C. slow           D. steady
  6.   A. for            B. against       C. with           D. on
  7.   A. imaginative    B. expensive     C. sensitive      D. productive
  8.   A. similar        B. original      C. temporary      D. dominant
  9.   A. collect        B. provide       C. copy           D. print
  10.  A. give up        B. take over     C. bring back     D. pass down
  11.  A. before         B. after         C. since          D. when
  12.  A. kept           B. borrowed      C. released       D. withdrawn
  13.  A. Unless         B. Until         C. Because        D. Though
  14.  A. hide           B. express       C. raise          D. ease
  15.  A. analyzed       B. shared        C.stored          D. displayed
  16.  A. unsafe         B. unnatural     C.uncommon        D. unclear
  17.  A. steal          B. choose        C. benefit        D. return
  18.  A. consideration  B. prevention    C. manipulation   D. justification
  19.  A. cope with      B. fight against C. adapt to       D. call for
  20.  A. chunk          B. chip          C. path           D. trail
                    Section II    Reading   Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
    Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C
or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET . (40points)
                                    Text 1
    In an essay, entitled “Making It in America,” in the latest issue of The Atlantic, the author
Adam Davidson relates a joke from cotton country about just how much a modern textile mill has
been automated: The average mill has only two employees today, “a man and a dog. The man is
there to feed the dog, and the dog is there to keep the man away from the machines.”
    Davidson’s article is one of a number of pieces that have recently appeared making the point
that the reason we have such stubbornly high unemployment and sagging middle-class incomes
today is largely because of the big drop in demand and because of the Great Recession, but it is
also because of the quantum advances in both globalization and the information technology
revolution, which are more rapidly than ever replacing labor with machines or foreign workers.
    In the past, workers with average skills, doing an average job, could earn an average lifestyle.
But, today, average is officially over. Being average just won’t earn you what it used to. It can’t
when so many more employers have so much more access to so much more above average cheap
foreign labor, cheap robotics, cheap software, cheap automation and cheap genius. Therefore,
everyone needs to find their extra — their unique value contribution that makes them stand out in
whatever is their field of employment. Average is over.
     Yes, new technology has been eating jobs forever, and always will. As they say, if horses
could have voted, there never would have been cars. But there’s been an acceleration. As
Davidson notes, “In the 10 years ending in 2009, U.S. factories shed workers so fast that they
erased almost all the gains of the previous 70 years; roughly one out of every three manufacturing
jobs — about 6 million in total — disappeared.”
    There will always be change — new jobs, new products, new services. But the one thing we
know for sure is that with each advance in globalization and the I.T. revolution, the best jobs will
require workers to have more and better education to make themselves above average.
    In a world where average is officially over, there are many things we need to do to buttress
employment, but nothing would be more important than passing some kind of G.I. Bill for the 21st
century that ensures that every American has access to post-high school education.
21. The joke in Paragraph 1is used to illustrate____.
    A. The impact of technological advances    B.the alleviation of job pressure
    C.the shrinkage of textile mills           D.the decline of middle- class incomes
    3
22. According to paragraph 3, to be a successful employee, one has to____.
    A.adopt an average lifestyle               B.work on cheap software
    C.contribute something unique              D.ask for a moderate salary
23. The quotation in Paragraph 4 explains that____.
    A.gains of technology have been erased
    B.job opportunities are disappearing at a high speed
    C.factories are making less money than before
    D.new jobs and services have been offered
24. According to the author, to reduce unemployment the most important is ____.
    A.to accelerate the I.T. Revolution        B.to ensure more education for people
    C.to advance economic globalization        D.to pass more bills in the 21st century
25. Which of the following would be the most appropriate title for the text?
    A.Technology Goes Cheap                    B. New Law Takes Effect
    C. Recession Is Bad                        D. Average Is Over
                                    Text 2
    A century ago, the immigrants from across the Atlantic included settlers and sojourners.
Along with the many folks looking to make a permanent home in the United States came those
who had no intention to stay, and who would make some money and then go home. Between 1908
and 1915, about 7 million people arrived while about 2 million departed. About a quarter of all
Italian immigrants, for example, eventually returned to Italy for good. They even had an
affectionate nickname, "uccelli di passaggio," birds of passage.
    Today, we are much more rigid about immigrants. We divide newcomers into two categories:
legal or illegal, good or bad. We hail them as Americans in the making, or brand them as aliens to
be kicked out. That framework has contributed mightily to our broken immigration system and the
long political paralysis over how to fix it.We don’t need more categories, but we need to change
the way we think about categories. We need to look beyond strict definitions of legal and illegal.
To start, we can recognize the new birds of passage, those living and thriving in the gray areas.
We might then begin to solve our immigration challenges.
    Crop pickers, violinists, construction workers, entrepreneurs, engineers, home health-care
aides and particle physicists are among today's birds of passage. They are energetic participants in
4   
a global economy driven by the flow of work, money and ideas. They prefer to come and go as
opportunity calls them. They can manage to have a job in one place and a family in another.
    With or without permission, they straddle laws, jurisdictions and identities with ease. We
need them to imagine the United States as a place where they can be productive for a while
without committing themselves to staying forever. We need them to feel that home can be both
here and there and that they can belong to two nations honorably.
    Accommodating this new world of people in motion will require new attitudes on both sides
of the immigration battle. Looking beyond the culture war logic of right or wrong means opening
up the middle ground and understanding that managing immigration today requires multiple paths
and multiple outcomes, including some that are not easy to accomplish legally in the existing
system.
26."Birds of passage"refers to those who____.
    [A]find permanent jobs overseas    [B]leave their home countries for good
    [C]immigrate across the Atlantic   [D]stay in a foreign country temporarily
27. It is implied in Paragraph 2 that the current immigration system in the US____.
    [A]needs new immigrant categories  [B]has loosened control over immigrants
    [C]should be adapted to meet challenges [D]has been fixed via political means
28. According to the author,today's birds of passage want____.
    [A]financial incentives            [B]a global recognition
    [C]opportunities to get regular jobs [D]the freedom to stay and leave
29. The author suggests that the birds of passage today should be treated____.
    [A]as faithful partners            [B]with legal tolerance
    [C]with economic favors            [D]as mighty rivals
30. The most appropriate title for this text would be____.
    [A]Come and Go:Big Mistake         [B]Living and Thriving:Great Risk
    [C]Legal or Illegal:Big Mistake    [D]With or Without:Great Risk
                                    Text 3
    Scientists have found that although we are prone to snap overreactions, if we take a moment
and think about how we are likely to react, we can reduce or even eliminate the negative effects of
our quick, hard-wired responses.
    Snap decisions can be important defense mechanisms; if we are judging whether someone is
dangerous, our brains and bodies are hard-wired to react very quickly, within milliseconds. But we
need more time to assess other factors. To accurately tell whether someone is sociable, studies
show, we need at least a minute, preferably five. It takes a while to judge complex aspects of
personality, like neuroticism or open-mindedness.
    But snap decisions in reaction to rapid, even subliminal stimuli aren’t exclusive to the
interpersonal realm. Sanford DeVoe and Chen-Bo Zhong, psychologists at the University of
Toronto, found that viewing a fast-food logo for just a few milliseconds primes us to read 20
percent faster, even though reading has little to do with eating. We unconsciously associate fast
food with speed and impatience and carry those impulses into whatever else we’re doing. Subjects
exposed to fast-food flashes also tend to think a musical piece lasts too long.
    Yet we can reverse such influences. If we know we will overreact to consumer products or
housing options when we see a happy face (one reason good sales representatives and real estate
agents are always smiling), we can take a moment before buying. If we know female job screeners
are more likely to reject attractive female applicants, as a study by the economists Bradley Ruffle
and Ze’ev Shtudiner shows, we can help screeners understand their biases — or hire outside
screeners.
    John Gottman, the marriage guru made famous in Malcolm Gladwell’s best-selling book
“Blink,” explains that we quickly “thin slice” information reliably only after we ground such snap
reactions in “thick sliced” long-term study. When Dr. Gottman really wants to assess whether a
couple will stay together, he invites them to his island retreat for a much longer evaluation: two
days, not two seconds.
    Our ability to mute our hard-wired reactions by pausing is what differentiates us from
animals: primates and dogs can think about the future only intermittently or for a few minutes. But
historically we have spent about 12 percent of our days contemplating the longer term. Although
technology might change the way we react, it hasn’t changed our nature. We still have the
6   
imaginative capacity to rise above temptation and reverse the high-speed trend.
  31. The time needed in making decisions may _______.
   [A] vary according to the urgency of the situation
   [B] prove the complexity of our brain reaction
   [C] depend on the importance of the assessment
   [D] predetermine the accuracy of our judgment
32. Our reaction to a fast-food logo shows that snap decisions______.
   [A] can be associative          [B] are not unconscious
   [C] can be dangerous            [D] are not impulsive
33. To reverse the negative influences of snap decisions ,we should_______.
   [A] trust our first impression  [B] do as people usually do
   [C] think before we act         [D] ask for expert advice
34. John Gottman says that reliable snap reactions are based on _______.
   [A] critical assessment         [B] “thin sliced”study
   [C] sensible explanation        [D] adequate information
35. The author’s attitude toward reversing the high-speed trend is______.
   [A] tolerant      [B] uncertain [C] optimistic      [D] doubtful
                                    Text 4
    Europe is not a gender-equality heaven.In particular, the corporate workplace will never be
completely family—friendly until women are part of senior management decisions,and Europe’s
top corporate-governance positions remain overwhelmingly male. Indeed,women hold only 14
percent of positions on Europe corporate boards.
    The Europe Union is now considering legislation to compel corporate boards to maintain a
certain proportion of women—up to 60 percent.This proposed mandate was born of frustration.
Last year, Europe Commission Vice President Viviane Reding issued a call to voluntary action.
Reding invited corporations to sign up for gender balance goal of 40 percent female board
membership. But her appeal was considered a failure: only 24 companies took it up.
    Do we need quotas to ensure that women can continue to climb the corporate Ladder fairy as
they balance work and family?
    “Personally, I don’t like quotas,” Reding said recently. “But I like what the quotas do.”
Quotas get action: they “open the way to equality and they break through the glass ceiling,”
according to Reding, a result seen in France and other countries will legally binding provisions on
placing women in top business positions.
     I understand Reding’s reluctance— and her frustration. I don’t like quotas either; they run
counter to my belief in meritocracy, government by the capable. But, when one considers the
obstacles to achieving the meritocratic ideal, it does look as if a fairer world must be temporarily
ordered.
    After all, four decades of evidence has now shown that corporations in Europe as the US are
evading the meritocratic hiring and promotion of women to top position— no matter how much
“soft pressure ” is put upon them. When women do break through to the summit of corporate
power — as, for example, Sheryl Sandberg recently did at Facebook—they attract massive
attention precisely because they remain the exception to the rule.
    If appropriate pubic policies were in place to help all women — whether CEOs or their
children’s caregivers—and all families, Sandberg would be no more newsworthy than any other
highly capable person living in a more just society.
36. In the European corporate workplace,generally ____.
    [A]women take the lead                 [B]men have the final say
    [C]corporate governance is overwhelmed [D]senior management is family-friendly
37. The European Union's intended legislation is____.
    [A]a reflection of gender balance      [B]a reluctant choice
    [C]a response to Reding’s call         [D]a voluntary action
38. According to Reding, quotas may help woman____.
    [A]get top business positions          [B]see through the glass ceiling
    [C]balance work and family             [D]anticipate legal results
39. The author's attitude toward Reding's appeal is one of ____.
8   
    [A]skepticism      [B]objectiveness    [C]indifference    [D]approval
40. Women entering top management become headlines due to the lack of _____.
    [A] more social justice                [B] massive media attention
    [C] suitable public policies           [D] great "soft pressure"
Part  B
Directions：
    Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable subtitle
from the list A-G for each numbered paragraph(41-45). There are two extra subtitles which
you do not need to use. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET . （10 points）
    [A] Live like a peasant
    [B] Balance your diet
    [C] Shopkeepers are your friends
    [D] Remember to treat yourself
    [E] Stick to what you need
    [F] Planning is everything
    [G] Waste not, want not
    The hugely popular blog the Skint Foodie chronicles how Tony balances his love of good
food with living on benefits. After bills, Tony has £60 a week to spend, £40 of which goes on food,
but 10 years ago he was earning £130,000 a year working in corporate communications and eating
at London's best restaurants at least twice a week. Then his marriage failed, his career burned out
and his drinking became serious. “The community mental health team saved my life. And I felt
like that again, to a certain degree, when people responded to the blog so well. It gave me the
validation and confidence that I'd lost. But it's still a day-by-day thing.” Now he's living in a
council flat and fielding offers from literary agents. He's feeling positive, but he'll carry on
blogging - not about eating as cheaply as you can — “there are so many people in a much worse
state, with barely any money to spend on food”— but eating well on a budget. Here's his advice
    
for economical foodies.
41._____________________
    Impulsive spending isn't an option, so plan your week's menu in advance, making shopping
lists for your ingredients in their exact quantities. I have an Excel template for a week of breakfast,
lunch and dinner. Stop laughing: it's not just cost effective but helps you balance your diet. It's also
a good idea to shop daily instead of weekly, because, being-human, you'll sometimes change your
mind about what you fancy.
42_____________________
    This is where supermarkets and their anonymity come in handy. With them,there's not the
same embarrassment as when buying one carrot in a little green grocer. And if you plan properly,
you'll know that you only need, say, 350gof shin of beef and six rashers of bacon, not whatever
weight is pre-packed in the supermarket chiller.
43_____________________
    You may proudly claim to only have frozen peas in the freezer — that's not good enough.
Mine is filled with leftovers, bread, stock, meat and fish. Planning ahead should eliminate wastage,
but if you have surplus vegetables you'll do a vegetable soup, and all fruits threatening to "go off'
will be cooked or juiced.
44_____________________
    Everyone says this, but it really is a top tip for frugal eaters. Shop at butchers,delis and
fish-sellers regularly, even for small things, and be super friendly. Soon you'll feel comfortable
asking if they've any knuckles of ham for soups and stews,or beef bones, chicken carcasses and
fish heads for stock which, more often than not, they’ll let you have for free.
45_____________________
    You won't be eating out a lot, but save your pennies and once every few months treat yourself
to a set lunch at a good restaurant － £1.75 a week for three months gives you £21 － more
than" enough for a three-course lunch at Michelin-starred Arbutus. It's £16.95 there － or £12.99
for a large pizza from Domino's: I know which I'd rather eat.
                           Section lll Translation
10  
46. Directions：
    Translate the following text from English into Chinese. Write your translation on the
ANSWER   SHEET  . (15 points)
    I can pick a date from the past 53 years and know instantly where I was , what happened in
the news and even the day of the week. I’ve been able to do this since I was four.
    I never feel overwhelmed with the amount of information my brain absorbs. My mind seems
to be able to cope and the information is stored away neatly. When I think of a sad memory, I do
what everybody does—try to put it to one side. I don’t think it’s harder for me just because my
memory is clearer. Powerful memory doesn’t make my emotions any more acute or vivid. I can
recall the day my grandfather died and the sadness I felt when we went to the hospital the day
before. I also remember that the musical play Hair opened on Broadway on the same day—they
both just pop into my mind in the same way.
                              Section  IV Writing
Part A
47. Directions:
    Suppose your class is to hold a charity sale for kids in need of help.Write your classmates an
email to
    1)inform them about the details, and
    2)encourage them to participate.
    You should write about 100 words on the ANSER SHEET .
    Do not use your own name. Use "Li Ming" instead.
    Do not write your address. (10 points)
Part B
48. Directions:
    Write an essay based on the following chart. In your writing, you should
    1) interpret the chart,and
    2) give your comments.
    You should write about 150 words on the ANSWER SHEET.(15points)
1
                           
12  
