2015  

                    Section I Use  of English

Directions:

   Read the following text, Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A，

B，C  or D on the ANSWER SHEET.(10 points)

   In our contemporary culture, the prospect of communicating with-- or even looking at-- a

stranger is virtually unbearable. Everyone around us seems to agree by the way they cling to their

phones, even without a 1 on subway.

   It's a sad reality -- our desire to avoid interacting with other human beings-because there’s 2

to be gained from talking to the stranger standing by you. But you wouldn't know it, 3 into

your phone. This universal protection sends the 4 : “Please don't approach me.”

   What is it that makes us feel we need to hide 5 our screens?

   One answer is fear, according to Jon Wortmann, executive mental coach. We fear rejection, or

that our innocent social advances will be 6 as “weird”. We fear we'll be 7 . We fear we'll be

disruptive.

   Strangers are inherently 8 to us, so we are more likely to feel 9 when communicating

with them compared with our friends and acquaintances. To avoid this uneasiness, we 10 to

our phones. “Phones become our security blanket,” Wortmann says. “They are our happy glasses

that protect us from what we perceive is going to be more 11 .”

   But once we rip off the band-aid, tuck our smartphones in our pockets and look up, it doesn’t

  12   so bad. In one 2011 experiment, behavioral scientists Nicholas Epley and Juliana

  Schroeder asked commuters to do the unthinkable: Start a 13 . They had Chicago train

  commuters talk to their fellow 14 . “When Dr. Epley and Ms. Schroeder asked other people

  in the same train station to 15 how they would feel after talking to a stranger, the commuters

  thought their 16 would be more pleasant if they sat on their own,” the New York Times

  summarizes. Though the participants didn't expect a positive experience, after they 17 with

  the experiment, “not a single person reported having been snubbed.”

      18  , these commutes were reportedly more enjoyable compared with those sans

  communication, which makes absolute sense, 19  human  beings thrive off of social

  connections. It's that 20 : Talking to strangers can make you feel connected.

  1.   A. ticket       B. permit      C. signal       D. record

  2.   A. nothing      B. little      C. another      D. much

  3.   A. beaten       B. guided      C. plugged      D. brought

  4.   A. message      B. code        C. notice       D. sign

  5.   A. under        B. beyond      C. behind       D. from

  6.   A. misinterpret   B. misapplied   C. misadjusted   D. mismatched

  7.   A. fired        B. judged      C. replaced      D. delayed

  8.   A. unreasonable   B. ungrateful   C. unconventional D. unfamiliar

  9.   A. comfortable   B. anxious      C. confident     D. angry

  10.  A. attend       B. point       C. take         D. turn

  11.  A. dangerous     B. mysterious   C. violent      D. boring

  12.  A. hurt         B. resist      C. bend         D. decay

  13.  A. lecture      B. conversation  C. debate       D. negotiation

  14.  A. trainees      B. employees    C. researchers   D. passengers

  15.  A. reveal       B. choose      C. predict      D. design

  16.  A. voyage       B. flight      C. walk         D. ride

  17.  A. went through   B. did away     C. caught up     D. put up

  18.  A. In turn      B. In particular C. In fact      D. In consequence

  19.  A. unless       B. since       C. if          D. whereas

  20.  A. funny        B. simple      C. logical      D. rare

               Section  II Reading   Comprehension

Part A

Directions：

   Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C

or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)

                           Text 1

   A new study suggests that contrary to most surveys, people are actually more stressed at

home than at work. Researchers measured people’s cortisol, which is a stress marker, while they

were at work and while they were at home and found it higher at what is supposed to be a place of

refuge.

   “Further contradicting conventional wisdom, we found that women as well as men have

lower levels of stress at work than at home, ” writes one of the researchers, Sarah Damske. In fact

women  even say they feel better at work, she notes.“ It is men, not women, who report being

happier at home than at work. ”Another surprise is that findings hold true for both those with

children and without, but more so for nonparents. This is why people who work outside the home

have better health.

   What the study doesn’t measure is whether people are still doing work when they’re at home,

whether it is household work or work brought home from the office. For many men, the end of the

workday is a time to kick back. For women who stay home, they never get to leave the office. And

for women who work outside the home, they often are playing catch-up-with-household tasks.

With the blurring of roles, and the fact that the home front lags well behind the workplace in

making adjustments for working women, it’s not surprising that women are more stressed at home.

   But it’s not just a gender thing. At work, people pretty much know what they’re supposed to

be doing: working, making money, doing the tasks they have to do in order to draw an income.

The bargain is very pure: Employee puts in hours of physical or mental labor and employee draws

out life-sustaining moola.

   On the home front, however, people have no such clarity. Rare is the household in which the

division of labor is so clinically and methodically laid out. There are a lot of tasks to be done,

there are inadequate rewards for most of them. Your home colleagues-your family-have no clear

rewards for their labor; they need to be talked into it, or if they’re teenagers, threatened with

   3

complete removal of all electronic devices. Plus, they’re your family. You cannot fire your family.

You never really get to go home from home.

   So it’s not surprising that people are more stressed at home. Not only are the tasks apparently

infinite, the co-workers are much harder to motivate.

21. According to Paragraph 1, most previous surveys found that home_____.

   [A] offered greater relaxation than the workplace

   [B] was an ideal place for stress measurement

   [C] generated more stress than the workplace

   [D] was an unrealistic place for relaxation

22. According to Damaske, who are likely to be the happiest at home?

   [A] Childless wives            [B] Working mothers

   [C] Childless husbands          [D] Working fathers

23. The blurring of working women's roles refers to the fact that_____.

   [A] it is difficult for them to leave their office

   [B] their home is also a place for kicking back

   [C] there is often much housework left behind

   [D] they are both bread winners and housewives

24. The word “moola”(Line4,Para4)most probably means_____.

   [A] skills       [B] energy     [C] earnings      [D] nutrition

25. The home front differs from the workplace in that_____.

   [A] division of labor at home is seldom clear-cut

   [B] home is hardly a cozier working environment

   [C] household tasks are generally more motivating

   [D] family labor is often adequately rewarded

                           Text 2

   For years, studies have found that first-generation college students-- those who do not have a

parent with a college degree- lag other students on a range of education achievement factors. Their

4   

grades are lower and their dropout rates are higher. But since such students are most likely to

advance economically if they succeed in higher education, colleges and universities have pushed

for decades to recruit more of them. This has created “a paradox” in that recruiting first-

generation students, but then watching many of them fail, means that higher education has

“continued to reproduce and widen, rather than close” an achievement gap based on social class,

according to the depressing beginning of a paper forthcoming in the journal Psychological

Science.

   But the article is actually quite optimistic, as it outlines a potential solution to this problem,

suggesting that an approach (which involves a one-hour, next-to-no-cost program) can close 63

percent of the achievement gap (measured by such factors as grades) between first-generation and

other students.

   The authors of the paper are from different universities, and their findings are based on a

study involving 147 students (who completed the project) at an unnamed private university. First

generation was defined as not having a parent with a four-year college degree. Most of the

first-generation students(59.1 percent) were recipients of Pell Grants, a federal grant for

undergraduates with financial need, while this was true only for 8.6 percent of the students with at

least one parent with a four-year degree.

   Their thesis—that a relatively modest intervention could have a big impact—was based on

the view that first-generation students may be most lacking not in potential but in practical

knowledge about how to deal with the issues that face most college students. They cite past

research by several authors to show that this is the gap that must be narrowed to close the

achievement gap.

   Many  first- generation students “struggle to navigate the middle-class culture of higher

education, learn the 'rules of the game,’ and take advantage of college resources,” they write. And

this becomes more of a problem when colleges don’t talk about the class advantage and

disadvantages of different groups of students. “Because US colleges and universities seldom

acknowledge how social class can affect students ’educational experience, many first-generation

students lack sight about why they are struggling and do not understand how students‘like them’

can improve.”

26. Recruiting more first- generation students has_____.

   [A] reduced their dropout rates   [B] narrowed the achievement gap

   [C] missed its original purpose   [D] depressed college students

27. The author of the research article are optimistic because_____.

   [A] the problem is solvable      [B] their approach is costless

   [C] the recruiting rate has increased [D] their finding appeal to students

28. The study suggests that most first- generation students_____.

   [A] study at private universities  [B] are from single-parent families

   [C] are in need of financial support [D] have failed their collage

29. The author of the paper believe that first-generation students_____.

   [A] are actually indifferent to the achievement gap

   [B] can have a potential influence on other students

   [C] may lack opportunities to apply for research projects

   [D] are inexperienced in handling their issues at college

30. We may infer from the last paragraph that_____.

   [A] universities often reject the culture of the middle-class

   [B] students are usually to blame for their lack of resources

   [C] social class greatly helps enrich educational experiences

   [D]colleges are partly responsible for the problem in question

                           Text 3

   Even in traditional offices, “the lingua franca of corporate America has gotten much more

emotional and much more right-brained than it was 20 years ago,” said Harvard Business School

professor Nancy Koehn. She started spinning off examples. “If you and I parachuted back to

Fortune 500 companies in 1990, we would see much less frequent use of terms like journey,

mission, passion. There were goals, there were strategies, there were objectives, but we didn’t talk

about energy; we didn’t talk about passion.”

   Koehn pointed out that this new era of corporate vocabulary is very “team”-oriented—and

6   

not by coincidence. “Let’s not forget sports—in male-dominated corporate America, it’s still a big

deal. It’s not explicitly conscious; it’s the idea that I’m a coach, and you’re my team, and we’re in

this together. There are lots and lots of CEOs in very different companies, but most think of

themselves as coaches and this is their team and they want to win.”

   These terms are also intended to infuse work with meaning—and, as Khurana points out,

increase allegiance to the firm. “You have the importation of terminology that historically used to

be associated with non-profit organizations and religious organizations: Terms like vision, values,

passion, and purpose,” said Khurana.

   This new focus on personal fulfillment can help keep employees motivated amid increasingly

loud debates over work-life balance. The “mommy wars” of the 1990s are still going on today,

prompting arguments about why women still can’t have it all and books like Sheryl Sandberg’s

Lean In, whose title has become a buzzword in its own right. Terms like unplug, offline, life-hack,

bandwidth, and capacity are all about setting boundaries between the office and the home. But if

your work is your “passion,” you’ll be more likely to devote yourself to it, even if that means

going home for dinner and then working long after the kids are in bed.

   But this seems to be the irony of office speak: Everyone makes fun of it, but managers love it,

companies depend on it, and regular people willingly absorb it. As Nunberg said, “You can get

people to think it’s nonsense at the same time that you buy into it.” In a workplace that’s

fundamentally indifferent to your life and its meaning, office speak can help you figure out how

you relate to your work—and how your work defines who you are.

31. According to Nancy Koehn, office language has become_____.

   [A] more emotional [B] more objective  [C] less energetic [D] less strategic

32. “Team”-oriented corporate vocabulary is closely related to_____.

   [A] historical incidents [B] gender difference [C] sports culture [D] athletic executives

33. Khurana believes that the importation of terminology aims to_____.

   [A] revive historical terms         [B] promote company image

   [C] foster corporate cooperation      [D] strengthen employee loyalty

34. It can be inferred that Lean In_____.

   [A] voices for working women         [B] appeals to passionate workaholics

   [C] triggers debates among mommies    [D] praises motivated employees

35. Which of the following statements is true about office speak?

   [A] Managers admire it but avoid it   [B] Linguists believe it to be nonsense

   [C] Companies find it to be fundamental [D] Regular people mock it but accept it

                           Text 4

   Many people talked of the 288,000 new jobs the Labor Department reported for June, along

with the drop in the unemployment rate to 6.1 percent, as good news. And they were right. For

now it appears the economy is creating jobs at a decent pace. We still have a long way to go to get

back to full employment, but at least we are now finally moving forward at a faster pace.

    However, there is another important part of the jobs picture that was largely overlooked.

There was a big jump in the number of people who report voluntarily working part-time. This

figure is now 830,000(4.4 percent)above its year ago level.

   Before explaining the connection to the Obamacare, it is worth making an important

distinction. Many people who work part-time jobs actually want full-time jobs. They take

part-time work because this is all they can get. An increase in involuntary part-time work is

evidence of weakness in the labor market and it means that many people will be having a very

hard time making ends meet.

    There was an increase in involuntary part-time in June, but the general direction has been

down. Involuntary part-time employment is still far higher than before the recession, but it is

down by 640,000(7.9percent)from its year ago level.

   We  know the difference between voluntary and involuntary part-time employment because

people tell us. The survey used by the Labor Department asks people if they worked less than 35

hours in the reference week. If the answer is “yes”, they are classified as working part-time. The

survey then asks whether they worked less than 35hours in that week because they wanted to work

less than full time or because they had no choice .They are only classified as voluntary part-time

workers if they tell the survey taker they chose to work less than 35 hours a week.

   The issue of voluntary part-time relates to Obamacare because one of the main purposes was

8   

to allow people to get insurance outside of employment. For many people , especially those with

serious health conditions or family members with serious health conditions ,before Obamacare the

only way to get insurance was through a job that provided health insurance.

   However, Obamacare has allowed more than 12 million people to either get insurance

through Medicaid or the exchanges. These are people who may previously have felt the need to

get a full-time job that provided insurance in order to cover themselves and their families. With

Obamacare there is no longer a link between employment and insurance.

36. Which part of the jobs picture are neglected?

   [A] The prospect of a thriving job market.

   [B] The increase of voluntary part-time market.

   [C] The possibility of full employment.

   [D] The acceleration of job creation.

37. Many people work part-time because they_____.

   [A] prefer part-time jobs to full-time jobs. [B] feel that is enough to make ends meet.

   [C] cannot get their hands on full-time jobs. [D] haven’t seen the weakness of the

market.

38. Involuntary part-time employment in the US_____.

   [A] is harder to acquire than one year ago. [B] shows a general tendency of decline.

   [C] satisfies the real need of the jobless. [D] is lower than before the recession.

39. It can be learned that with Obamacare,_____.

   [A] it is no longer easy for part-timers to get insurance

   [B] employment is no longer a precondition to get insurance

   [C] it is still challenging to get insurance for family members

   [D] full-time employment is still essential for insurance

40. The text mainly discusses_____.

   [A] employment in the US            [B] part-timer classification

   [C] insurance though Medicaid        [D] Obamacare’s trouble

   

Part B

Directions:

   In the following text, some sentences have been removed. For Questions 41-45, choose

the most suitable one from the list [A]-[G] to fit into each of the numbered blank. There are

two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the gaps. Mark your answers on ANSWER

SHEET. (10 points)

   [A] You are not alone

   [B] Don’t fear responsibility for your life

   [C] Pave your own unique path

   [D] Most of your fears are unreal

   [E] Think about the present moment

   [F] Experience helps you grow

   [G] There are many things to be grateful for

            Some  Old Truths to Help You Overcome  Tough Times

   Unfortunately, life is not a bed of roses. We are going through life facing sad experiences.

Moreover, we are grieving various kinds of loss: a friendship, a romantic relationship or a house.

Hard times may hold you down at what usually seems like the most inopportune time, but you

should remember that they won’t last forever.

   When our time of mourning is over, we press forward, stronger with a greater understanding

and respect for life. Furthermore, these losses make us mature and eventually move us toward

future opportunities for growth and happiness. I want to share these ten old truths I’ve learned

along the way.

   41._____________________________

   Fear is both useful and harmful. This normal human reaction is used to protect us by

signaling danger and preparing us to deal with it. Unfortunately, people create inner barriers with a

help of exaggerating fears. My favorite actor Will Smith once said, “Fear is not real. It is a product

of thoughts you create. Do not misunderstand me. Danger is very real. But fear is a choice.” I do

10  

completely agree that fears are just the product of our luxuriant imagination.

   42_____________________________

   If you are surrounded by problems and cannot stop thinking about the past, try to focus on the

present moment. Many of us are weighed down by the past or anxious about the future. You may

feel guilt over your past, but you are poisoning the present with the things and circumstances you

cannot change. Value the present moment and remember how fortunate you are to be alive. Enjoy

the beauty of the world around and keep the eyes open to see the possibilities before you.

Happiness is not a point of future and not a moment from the past, but a mindset that can be

designed into the present.

   43______________________________

    Sometimes it is easy to feel bad because you are going through tough times. You can be

easily caught up by life problems that you forget to pause and appreciate the things you have.

Only strong people prefer to smile and value their life instead of crying and complaining about

something.

   44________________________________

   No matter how isolated you might feel and how serious the situation is, you should always

remember that you are not alone. Try to keep in mind that almost everyone respects and wants to

help you if you are trying to make a good change in your life, especially your dearest and nearest

people. You may have a circle of friends who provide constant good humor, help and

companionship. If you have no friends or relatives, try to participate in several online communities,

full of people who are always willing to share advice and encouragement.

   45________________________________

   Today many people find it difficult to trust their own opinion and seek balance by gaining

objectivity from external sources. This way you devalue your opinion and show that you are

incapable of managing your own life. When you are struggling to achieve something important

you should believe in yourself and be sure that your decision is the best. You live in your skin,

think your own thoughts, have your own values and make your own choices.

1

                    Section  III Translation

46. Directions:

   Translate the following text from English into Chinese. Write your translation on

ANSWER   SHEET  . (15 points)

   Think about driving a route that’s very familiar. It could be your commute to work, a trip into

town or the way home. Whichever it is, you know every twist and turn like the back of your hand.

On these sorts of trips it’s easy to zone out from the actual driving and pay little attention to the

passing scenery. The consequence is that you perceive that the trip has taken less time than it

actually has.

   This is the well-travelled road effect: people tend to underestimate the time it takes to travel a

familiar route.

   The effect is caused by the way we allocate our attention. When we travel down a

well-known route, because we don’t have to concentrate much, time seems to flow more quickly.

And afterwards, when we come to think back on it, we can’t remember the journey well because

we didn’t pay much attention to it. So we assume it was shorter.

                     Section  IV Writing

Part A

47. Directions:

   Suppose your university is going to host a summer camp for high school students. Write a

notice to

   1) briefly introduce the camp activities, and

   2) call for volunteers.

   You should write about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.

   Do not use your name or the name of your university.

   Do not write your address. (10 points)

12  

Part B

48. Directions:

   Write an essay based on the following chart. In your writing, you should

   1) interpret the chart, and

   2) give your comments.

   You should write about 150 words on the ANSWER SHEET. (15 points)

                  

3

