2019  

                 SectionⅠ    Use   of   English

> Directions:

   Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A,

B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

   Weighing yourself regularly is a wonderful way to stay aware of any significant weight

fluctuations. 1 , when done too often, this habit can sometimes hurt more than it 2 .

   As for me, weighing myself every day caused me to shift my focus from being generally

healthy and physically active to focusing 3 on the scale. That was bad to my overall fitness

goals. I had gained weight in the form of muscle mass, but thinking only of 4 the number on

the scale, I altered my training program. That conflicted with how I needed to train to 5 my

goals.

   I also found weighing myself daily did not provide an accurate 6 of the hard work and

progress I was making in the gym. It takes about three weeks to a month to notice significant

changes in weight 7   altering your training program. The most 8 changes will be

observed in skill level, strength and inches lost.

   For these  9 , I stopped weighing myself every day and switched to a bimonthly weighing

schedule  10   . Since weight loss is not my goal, it is less important for me to 11 my

weight each week. Weighing every other week allows me to observe and 12 any significant

weight changes. That tells me whether I need to 13 my training program.

   I also use my bimonthly weigh-in 14 to get information about my nutrition as well. If

my training intensity remains the same, but I’m constantly 15 and dropping weight, this is a

16   that I need to increase my daily caloric intake.

   The   17   to stop weighing myself every day has done wonders for my overall health,

fitness and well-being. I am experiencing increased zeal for working out since I no longer carry

the burden of a 18  morning weigh-in. I’ve also experienced greater success in achieving my

specific fitness goals, 19 I’m training according to those goals, instead of numbers on a

scale.

   Rather than 20   over the scale, turn your focus to how you look, feel, how your clothes

fit and your overall energy level.

  1.   A. Therefore     B. Otherwise    C. However      D. Besides

  2.   A. cares        B. warns       C.reduces       D. helps

  3.   A. solely       B. occasionally  C. formally      D. initially

  4.   A. lowering      B. explaining   C. accepting     D. recording

  5.   A. set         B. review      C. reach        D. modify

  6.   A. depiction     B. distribution  C. prediction    D. definition

  7.   A. regardless of  B. aside from   C. along with    D. due to

  8.   A. rigid        B. precise      C. immediate     D. orderly

  9.   A. desperately   B. sincerely    C. reluctantly   D. gratefully

  10.  A. though       B. again       C. indeed       D.instead

  11.  A. track        B. overlook     C. conceal      D. report

  12.  A. approval of   B. hold onto    C. account for   D. depend on

  13.  A. share        B. adjust      C. confirm      D. prepare

  14.  A. features      B. rules       C.  tests       D. results

  15.  A. anxious      B. hungry      C. sick         D. bored

  16.  A. secret       B. belief      C.sign         D. principle

  17.  A. necessity     B. decision     C. wish         D. request

  18.  A. surprising    B. restricting   C. consuming     D. disappointing

  19.  A. because      B. unless      C. until        D. if

  20.  A. dominating    B. puzzling     C. triumphing    D. obsessing

              Section II   Reading   Comprehension

Part A

> Directions:

   Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C

or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET. （40points）

                           Text 1

   Unlike so-called basic emotions such as sadness, fear, and anger, guilt emerges a little later,

in conjunction with a child’s growing grasp of social and moral norms. Children aren’t born

knowing how to say “I’m sorry”; rather, they learn over time that such statements appease parents

and friends – and their own consciences. This is why researchers generally regard so-called moral

guilt, in the right amount, to be a good thing.

   In the popular imagination, of course, guilt still gets a bad rap. It evokes Freud’s ideas and

religious hang-ups. More important, guilt is deeply uncomfortable—it’s the emotional equivalent

of wearing a jacket weighted with stones. Who would inflict it upon a child? Yet this

understanding is outdated. “There has been a kind of revival or a rethinking about what guilt is

and what role guilt can serve,” Vaish says, adding that this revival is part of a larger recognition

that emotions aren’t binary—feelings that may be advantageous in one context may be harmful in

another. Jealousy and anger, for example, may have evolved to alert us to important inequalities.

Too much happiness can be destructive.

   And guilt, by prompting us to think more deeply about our goodness, can encourage humans

to atone for errors and fix relationships. Guilt, in other words, can help hold a cooperative species

together. It is a kind of social glue.

   Viewed in this light, guilt is an opportunity. Work by Tina Malti, a psychology professor at

the University of Toronto, suggests that guilt may compensate for an emotional deficiency. In a

number of studies, Malti and others have shown that guilt and sympathy (and its close cousin

empathy) may represent different pathways to cooperation and sharing. Some kids who are low in

sympathy may make up for that shortfall by experiencing more guilt, which can rein in their

nastier impulses. And vice versa: High sympathy can substitute for low guilt.

   In a 2014 study, for example, Malti and a colleague looked at 244 children, ages 4, 8, and 12.

Using caregiver assessments and the children’s self-observations, they rated each child’s overall

sympathy level and his or her tendency to feel negative emotions (like guilt and sadness) after

moral transgressions. Then the kids were handed stickers and chocolate coins, and given a chance

   3

to share them with an anonymous child. For the low-sympathy kids, how much they shared

appeared to turn on how inclined they were to feel guilty. The guilt-prone ones shared more, even

though they hadn’t magically become more sympathetic to the other child’s deprivation.

   “That’s good news,” Malti says. “We can be prosocial because of our empathetic proclivity,

or because we caused harm and we feel regret.”

21. Researchers think that guilt can be a good thing because it may help______.

A. foster a child’s moral development

B. regulate a child’s basic emotions

C. improve a child’s intellectual ability

D. intensity a child’s positive feelings

22. According to paragraph 2, many people still consider guilt to be______.

A. inexcusable

B. deception

C. addictive

D. burdensome

23 Vaish hold that the rethinking about guilt comes from an awareness that______.

A. emotions are context-independent

B. an emotion can play opposing roles

C. emotions are socially constructive

D. emotional stability can benefit health

24. Malti and others have shown that cooperation and sharing______.

A. may help correct emotional deficiencies

B. can bring about emotional satisfaction

C. can result from either sympathy or guilt

D. may be the outcome of impulsive acts

25. The word “transgressions” (line 4 para 5) is closest in meaning to______.

A. wrongdoings

B. discussions

4   

C. restrictions

D. teachings

                           Text 2

   Forests give us shade, quiet and one of the harder challenges in the fight against climate

change. Even as we humans count on forests to soak up a good share of the carbon dioxide we

produce, we are threatening their ability to do so. The climate change we are hastening could one

day leave us with forests that emit more carbon than they absorb.

   Thankfully, there is a way out of this trap -- but it involves striking a subtle balance. Helping

forests flourish as valuable "carbon sinks" long into the future may require reducing their capacity

to sequester carbon now. California is leading the way, as it does on so many climate efforts, in

figuring out the details.

   The state’s proposed Forest Carbon Plan aims to double efforts to thin out young trees and

clear brush in parts of the forest, including by controlled burning. This temporarily lowers

carbon-carrying capacity. But the remaining trees draw a greater share of the available moisture,

so they grow and thrive, restoring the forest's capacity to pull carbon from the air. Healthy trees

are also better able to fend off bark beetles. The landscape is rendered less combustible. Even in

the event of a fire, fewer trees are consumed.

   The need for such planning is increasingly urgent. Already, since 2010, drought and beetles

have killed more than 100 million trees in California, most of them in 2016 alone, and wildfires

have scorched hundreds of thousands of acres.

   California’s plan envisions treating 35,000 acres of forest a year by 2020, and 60,000 by 2030

-- financed from the proceeds of the state's emissions-permit auctions. That's only a small share of

the total acreage that could benefit, an estimated half a million acres in all, so it will be important

to prioritize areas at greatest risk of fire or drought.

   The strategy also aims to ensure that carbon in woody material removed from the forests is

locked away in the form of solid lumber, burned as biofuel in vehicles that would otherwise run on

fossil fuels, or used in compost or animal feed. New research on transportation bio-fuels is under

way, and the state plans to encourage lumber production close to forest lands. In future the state

proposes to take an inventory of its forests' carbon-storing capacity every five years.

   State governments are well accustomed to managing forests, including those owned by the

U.S. Forest Service, but traditionally they've focused on wildlife, watersheds and opportunities for

recreation. Only recently have they come to see the vital part forests will have to play in storing

carbon. California's plan, which is expected to be finalized by the governor early next year, should

serve as a model.

26. By saying “one of the harder challenge,” the author implies that _____.

A. forests may become a potential threat.

B. people may misunderstand global warming.

C. extreme weather condition may arise.

D. globe climate change may get out control.

27. To maintain forest as valuable “carbon sinks”, we may need to _____.

A. lower their present carbon-absorbing capacity.

B. strike a balance among different plants.

C. accelerate the growth of young trees.

D. preserve the diversity of species in them.

28. California’s Forest Carbon Plan endeavor to _____.

A. cultivate more drought -resistance trees.

B. find more effective ways to kill insects

C. reduce the density of some of its forest

D. restore its forest quickly after wildfires

29. What is essential to California’s plan according to paragraph 5？

A. to carry it out before year of 2020

B.to handle the areas in serious danger first

C.to perfect the emissions-permit auction

D.to obtain enough financial support

30. The author’s attitude to California’s plan can best be described as _____.

A. ambiguous         B. tolerant       C. cautious      D. supportive

                           Text 3

6   

   American farmers have been complaining of labor shortages for several years now. Given a

multi-year decline in illegal immigration, and a similarly sustained pickup in the U.S. job market,

the complaints are unlikely to stop without an overhaul of immigration rules for farm workers.

   Efforts to create a more straightforward agricultural-workers visa that would enable foreign

workers to stay longer in the U.S. and change jobs within the industry have so far failed in

Congress. If this doesn’t change, American businesses, communities and consumers will be the

losers.

   Perhaps half of U.S. farm laborers are undocumented immigrants. As fewer such workers

enter the U.S., the characteristics of the agricultural workforce are changing. Today’s farm

laborers, while still predominantly born in Mexico, are more likely to be settled, rather than

migrating, and more likely to be married than single. They are also aging. At the start of this

century, about one-third of crop workers were over the age of 35. Now, more than half are. And

crop picking is hard on older bodies.

   One oft-debated cure for this labor shortage remains as implausible as it has been all along:

Native U.S. workers won’t be returning to the farm.

   In a study published in 2013, economist Michael Clemens analyzed 15 years of data on North

Carolina’s farm-labor market and concluded, “There is virtually no supply of native manual farm

laborers” in the state. This was true even in the depths of a severe recession.

   Mechanization is not the answer either—not yet at least. Production of corn, cotton, rice,

soybeans and wheat have been largely mechanized, but many high-value, labor-intensive crops,

such as strawberries, need labor. Even dairy farms, where robots currently do only a small share of

milking, have a long way to go before they are automated.

   As a result, farms have grown increasingly reliant on temporary guest workers using the

H-2A visa to fill the gaps in the agricultural workforce. Starting around 2012, requests for the

visas rose sharply; from 2011 to 2016 the number of visas issued more than doubled.

   The H-2A visa has no numerical cap, unlike the H-2B visa for non-agricultural work, which

is limited to 66,000 annually. Even so, employers frequently complain that they aren’t allotted all

the workers they need. The process is cumbersome, expensive and unreliable. One survey found

that bureaucratic delays led H-2A workers to arrive on the job an average of 22 days late. And the

shortage is compounded by federal immigration raids, which remove some workers and drive

others underground.

   Petitioning each year for laborers—and hoping the government provides enough, and that

they arrive on time—is no way to run a business. In a 2012 survey by the California Farm Bureau,

71 percent of tree-fruit growers and nearly 80 percent of raisin and berry growers said they were

short of labor. Some western growers have responded by moving operations to Mexico. Without

reliable access to a reliable workforce, more growers will be tempted to move south.

   According to a report by the Partnership for a New American Economy, Americans are

consuming more fresh produce, which is good. But a rising share of it is grown elsewhere. In

1998-2000, 14.5 percent of the fruit Americans consumed was imported. Little more than a decade

later, the share of imported fruit had increased to 25.8 percent. Rural U.S. communities that might

have benefited didn’t.

   In effect, the U.S. can import food or it can import the workers who pick it. The U.S. needs a

simpler, streamlined, multi-year visa for agricultural workers, accompanied by measures to guard

against exploitation and a viable path to U.S. residency for workers who meet the requirements.

Otherwise growers will continue to struggle with shortages and uncertainty, and the country as a

whole will lose out.（629）

31. What problem should be addressed according to the first two paragraphs?

A. Discrimination against foreign workers in the U.S.

B. Biased laws in favor of some American businesses

C. Decline of job opportunities in U.S. agriculture

D. Flaws in US immigration rules for farm workers

32. Our trouble with us agriculture workforce is _____.

A. the aging of immigration from works

B. the rising number of illegal immigrants

C. the high mobility of crop works

D. the lack of experience labors

33. What is the much-argued solution to the labor shortage in U.S. farming？

8   

A. To attract younger laborers to farm work

B. To get native US workers back to farming

C. To use more robots to grow high-value crops

D. To strengthen financial support for farmers

34. Agricultural employers complain about the H-2A visa for its_____?

A. slow granting procedures

B. limit on duration of stay

C. tightened requirements

D. control of annual admissions

35. Which of the following could be the best title for this text?

A. U.S Agriculture in Decline?

B. Import Food or Labor?

C. America Saved by Mexico?

D. Manpower vs. Automation?

                           Text4

   Arnold Schwarzenegger, Dia Mirza and Adrian Grenier have a message for you: It’s easy to

beat plastic. They’re part of a bunch of celebrities starring in a new video for World Environment

Day-encouraging you, the consumer, to swap out your single-use plastic staples to combat the

plastics crisis.

   If only I’d realized that we can buy our way out of the problem except we can’t. The key

messages that have been put together for World Environment Day do include a call for

governments to enact legislation to curb single-use plastics. But the overarching message is

directed at individuals: Lead with your wallets.

   The problem of perpetuating this individualistic narrative is that it's not going to get us very

far and the plastics crisis we face is immense. Our oceans are blighted by the stuff. It's in our

drinking water (including bottled water) ,and we could even be breathing it in.

   I'm not dismissing individual actions like ordering straw-free drinks at bars, or opting for a

reusable water bottle over a cup that's going in the trash as soon as you've used it. I can't imagine

   

not at least trying to minimize my own plastics footprint, whether it's lugging home my

newly-refilled gallon bottle of washing-up liquid every few months, or buying packaging-free

food, clothing and toiletries where possible. On their own, however, none of these things is

enough.

   Part of my worry about leaving it up to the individual is that we're all just guessing at what's

going on out there-and that's if we haven't been scared off from doing anything to start with in the

face of such a huge challenge. As consumers, we have little idea about how much plastic has been

used and discarded along the supply chain, for example. It's also hard to compare, say, going to a

bulk store that sells plastic-free products but requires you to drive some distance versus a more

local shop where you may end up taking home some packaged items. There’s also a time and cost

issue. Realistically, I'm not going to start making my own laundry detergents so I can avoid the

plastic bottles they come in, and there can be extra costs associated with environmentally friendly

products.

   My biggest concern with leaving it up to the individual, however, is our limited sense of what

needs to be achieved On their own, taking our own bags to the grocery store or quitting plastic

straws ， for example, will accomplish little and require very little of us. They could even be

detrimental, satisfying a need to have "done our bit" without ever progressing onto bigger, bolder,

more effective actions---a kind of "moral licensing" that allays our concerns and stops us doing

more and asking more of those in charge.

   While the conversation around our environment and our responsibility toward it remains

centered on shopping bags and straws, we're ignoring the balance of power that implies that as

"consumers" we must shop sustainably, rather than as "citizens" hold our governments and

industries to account to push for real systemic change. Nowhere in World Environment Day 2018's

key messages is there anything about voting for environmentally progressive politicians, for

example. Why not?

   It’s important to acknowledge that the environment isn’t everyone’s priority-or even most

people’s. We shouldn’t expect it to be .In her latest book, Why Could People Do Bad

Environmental Things, Wellesley College professor Elizabeth R. De Sombre argue that the best

way to collectively change the behavior of large numbers of people is for the change to be

10  

structural.

   This might mean implementing policy such as a plastic tax that adds a cost to

environmentally problematic action, or banning single-use plastics altogether. India has just

announced it will” eliminate all single-use plastic in the country by 2022.” There are also

incentive-based ways of making better environmental choices easier, such as ensuring recycling is

at least as easy as trash disposal.

   De Sombre isn’t saying people should stop caring about the environment. It’s just that

individual actions are too slow, she says, for that to be only, or even primary, approach to changing

widespread behavior.

   None of this is about writing off the individual. It’s just about putting things into perspective.

We don’t have time to wait. We need progressive policies that shape collective action (and rein in

polluting business), alongside engaged citizens pushing for change. That’s not something we can

buy. （732）

36. Some celebrities star in a new video to _____.

A. demand new laws on the use of plastics

B. urge consumers to cut use of plastics

C. invite public opinion on the plastic crisis

D. disclose the causes of the plastics crisis

37. The author is concerned that “moral licensing” may _____.

A. mislead us into doing worthless things

B. prevent us from making further efforts

C. weaken our sense of accomplishment

D. suppress our desire for success

38. By pointing out identify as “citizens”, the author indicates that _____.

A. our focus should be shifted to community welfare

B. our relationship with local industries is improving

C. we have been actively exercising our civil right

D. we should press our government to lead the combat

1

39. De Sombre argues that the best way for a collective change should be _____.

A. a win-win arrangement

B. a self-driven mechanism

C. a cost -effective approach

D. a top-down process

40. The author concludes that individual efforts _____.

A. can be too aggressive

B. are far from sufficient

C. can be too inconsistent

D. are far from rational

Part B

> Directions:

   You are going to read a list of headings and a text, choose the most suitable heading

from the list A-G for each numbered paragraph (41-45). There are two extra choices in the

right column. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET.（10 points）

   How seriously should parent take kid’s opinions when searching for a home?

   In choosing a new home, Camille Mc Clain’s kids have a single demand a backyard.

   That seemingly reasonable request turned the Chicago family’s home hunt upside down, as

there weren’t many three-bedroom apartments on the North Side — where the family was looking

—  that came with yard space. Still, McClain and her husband chose to honor their 4- and

6-year-old’s request.

   “We worked with a few apartment brokers, and it was strange that many of them didn’t even

know if there was outdoor space, so they’d bring us to an apartment, we’d see that it didn’t have a

yard, and we’d move on,” said McClain, who runs Merry Music Makers in Lake view, a business

focused on music education for children.

   McClain’s little ones aren’t the only kids who have an opinion when it comes to housing, and

in many cases youngsters’ views weigh heavily on parents’ real estate decisions, according to a

12  

2018 Harris Poll survey of more than 2,000 U.S. adults.

   Renters paid attention to their kids’ preferences even more: 83 percent said their children’s

opinions will be a factor when they buy a home.

   The idea of involving children in a big decision is a great idea because it can help them feel a

sense of control and ownership in what can be an overwhelming process, said Ryan Hooper,

clinical psychologist in Chicago.

   “Children may face serious difficulties in coping with significant moves, especially if it

removes them from their current school or support system,” he said.

   Younger children should feel like they’re choosing their home — without actually getting a

choice in the matter, said Adam Bailey, real estate attorney based in New York.

   Asking them questions about what they like about the backyard of a potential home will

make them feel like they’re like being included in the decision-making process. Bailey said.

   Many  of the aspects of home-buying aren’t a consideration for children, said Tracey

Hampson, a real estate agent based in Santa Clarita , Calif .And placing too much emphasis on

their opinions can ruin a fantastic home purchase.

   “Speaking with your children before you make a real estate decision is wise, but I wouldn’t

base on the purchasing decision only on their opinion.”Hampson said.

   The other issue is that many children-especially older ones-may base their real estate

knowledge on HGTV shows, said Aaron Norris of The Norris Group in Riverside, Calif.

   “They love Chip and Joanna Gaines just as much as the rest of us, " he said. "HGTV has

seriously changed how people view real estate. it's not shelter, it’s a life style.With that mindset

change come some serious consequences.”

   Kids tend to get stuck in the features and the immediate benefits to them personally. Norris

Said.

   Parents need to remind their children that their needs and desires may change over time, said

Julie Gurner, a real estate analyst with Fitsmallbusiness.com.

   “Their opinions can change tomorrow.”Gurner said, “Harsh as it may be to say, that decision

should likely not be made contingent on a child’s opinions but rather made for them with great

consideration into what home can meet their needs best-and give them an opportunity to

3

customize it a bit and make it their own.

   This advice is more relevant now than ever before, even as more parents want to embrace the

ideas of their children, despite the current housing crunch.

                A. notes that aspects like children´s friends and social activities

                should be considered up on homebuying.

                B. believes that homebuying should be based on children´s need´s

 41. Ryan Hopper

                rather than their opinions.

                C. assumes that many children’s views on real estate are influenced

 42. Adam Bailey

                by the media.

 43. Tracey Hampson   D. remarks that significant moves may pose challenges to children.

                E. says that it is wise to leave kids in the dark about real estate

 44. Aaron Norris

                decisions.

                F. advise that home purchase should not be based only on children’s

 45. Julie Garner

                opinions.

                G.thinks that children should be given a sense of involvement in

                homebuying decisions.

                   Section  III  Translation

46. > Directions:

   Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation neatly on the

ANSWER   SHEET.  （15 points）

   It's easy to underestimate English writer James Herroit. He has such a pleasant and readable

style one might think that anyone could imitate it.How many times have I heard people say, “I

would write a book.I just didn't have time.” Easily said. Not so easily done.James Herroit,

contrary to popular opinion,did not find it easy in his early days of,as he put it,“having a go at the

writing game.” While he obviously had an abundance of natural talents, the final, polished work

he gave the world was the result of practising, re-writing and reading.Like the majority of the

authors,he had to suffer many disappointment and rejection all the way.But this made him all

determined to succeed.Everything he achieved in life was gained the hard way and his success in

literature field was no exception.

14  

                     Section  IV Writing

Part A

47. > Directions:

   Suppose Professor Smith ask you to plan a debate on the theme of city traffic.Write him a

email to

1)Suggest a specific topic with your reasons,and 2)tell him about your arrangements.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET.

Do not use your own name. Use "Li Ming" instead.

Do not write your address. (10 points)

Part B

48. > Directions:

   Write an essay based on the following chart.In your writing, you should

1)Interpret the chart,and 2)give your comments.

You should write about 150 words on the ANSWER SHEET.(15 points)

                  

5

